feat: browser channel (#47)
microsoft/playwright-pytest: README.md

    # ...
```

> ### Run on chromium browser channel
> Start Pytest with `--browser-channel` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run with a custom browser channel like Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge
```
